Add readme updater/linter (#251)
oerc0122/castep_outputs: README.rst

castep_outputs
==============

> .. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.3.0-blue

Reviewer: That's a nice trick, and avoids problems of version desync between the README appearance and the copy of code it came with.

::

>    from castep_outputs import parse_single, parse_castep_file

Reviewer: 👍

   my_dict = parse_single('my_file', loglevel=logging.INFO)

> The available parsing functions for parsing the given format are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The available functions for parsing the respective file formats are:
```

Reviewer: Maybe the block below would work better as a table?

Author: Yeah... Building a markdown table wouldn't be a bad plan but a bit more parsing. Adding as issue.
